Explanation:In tha main function , we store the input file data in an array , that is then used to construct the Game.
In the Game constuctor the data are stored in a database class , that stores and distributes the input data during the game.
We used templates so that the database can store multiple type of class items , like Weapons, Potions etc without needing extra code.
In the game constructor we print an introductory text.(At this point we start using the graphics which are consisted of a clearScreen function,
that clears the screen, the print function that uses prints the messages with color , style and/or colored layout.
There is also the unbuffered input function ,that takes a character as input without the use of enter , so that we give a more "gamey" feel to the program with the help of the termios library)
The player then chooses the heroe(s) he wants as well as their class.Then the game begins, the grid is created as a 20 x 20 squeare with certain percentage for each type of block to appear.
Each type of block is of a certain class with each seperate type of function.
The map is constantly shown and exhibits with * the non accessible blocks and M the markets.Heroes can move as a set of up to 3.One of them is the main Hero , which is the one that shops, you can check his back ,equip potions or equip/change Weapons.
You can change the main hero and do all the procedures instructed , according to the help that appears and can be toggled on/off by pressing the K button.
When a shop is visited , the main hero can buy sell or just view the store's wares.If he doesn't have enough money , high enough level or he has the item already(except for potions) , he cant buy the item.
The player can buy potions that are consumed on use.Potions cannot give the hero more than 100 HP or MP and their effects are permament.
All the items the player buys are stored in lists according to their type with the help of templates.
The player might engage compat as he walks , and the enemies are from 1 to 3 monsters , close to the level of the main hero.The hero can change weapons , attack an alive enemy or cast a spell, with an expense of a turn.
He chooses the enemy he wants to attack or cast a spell to by choosing the monster's number.The spells , cast debuffs, that last for a set time , or until another spell is cast.
The damage dealt is calculated by damage-armor.If a hero chooses an action , he can change his mind, and select another one , without the expense of a turn.
The maximum level a player can reach is 10 , even though it is pretty hard.
When not in a fight or a shop , the player can choose to quit the game.

  
